What if I told you that being a woman
doesn't make you automatically feminine?
What if I told you that femininity is so
much more than how you look and that you
were born female? In today's world, I
feel like we are all pressured to
achieving, to always doing, to always be
busy. And in all that we as women forget
about our feminine essence. And the
worst thing about this is that we don't
even know it. Hi guys, welcome back to
my channel. My name is Michaela and
today I want to talk about 10 small
habits that are secretly destroying our
femininity. And at the end of the video,
you will know how to reconnect with your
feminine essence in a masculine world.
Let's get into this. Nowadays,
everything that has to do with
achieving, with doing, with logic, with
independence is glorified. And if you
knew that or not, all of these things
are connected to masculine energy. These
are attributes of being very masculine.
And in a way we are being told that to
be soft, to be relaxed, to be feminine
as well is a weakness. But let me tell
you something, none of that is wrong.
Femininity and masculinity, everything
is right and has its own place to be and
to be expressed. But the key here is to
learn when to embrace your femininity
and when to use your masculine energy to
get something done. The first habit that
is secretly destroying your femininity
is always rushing and living in a
survival mode. Feminine energy drives in
presence. So when you are stressed, when
you're rushing from place to place and
just keep doing, then you're
automatically disconnecting yourself
from your body, from your emotions, from
your intuitions, and from that present
moment. What you can do instead is to
always try to slow down, plan enough
time for whatever you want to do in
order to be able to really enjoy the
experience and enjoy the moment. The
same goes with doing your makeup, doing
your shower, your bath time. You have to
really take time for that. See it as a
ritual instead of rushing through your
lotion. Really enjoy this experience and
do it with grace. Take your time for
little things. It seems something really
small, but it makes such a big
difference. As a woman, you always have
to remind yourself there is no rush. You
deserve to be relaxed. You deserve to
take your time. For me, for example, I
love to take my time, especially in the
morning. I am, thanks God, now in a
position where I really can take my
time. I don't need to rush anywhere. But
even if I have appointments, I plan
enough time in the morning so I really
can enjoy my morning. I can wake up. I
can stretch. I can enjoy the view out of
my window. I can take a long shower. I
can do my makeup. I can burn some
candles while I'm putting on my lotion
and so on. So, I really take my time
with my mornings because this is setting
my day and it's really letting me
reconnect with my body and with how I
feel. The next habit is overexlaining
and overgiving. A confident and female
woman doesn't need to explain why she is
not in the mood or why she doesn't want
to come to that birthday party. She
doesn't need to explain why she doesn't
want to eat another plate. She doesn't
need to explain why she feels a certain
way and why she won't respect those kind
of behaviors anymore. See, overexlaining
and overextending yourself comes from a
place of insecurity where you feel like
you need to justify your decisions and
you need to give more than you actually
are able or wanting to give. Sometimes
we give and give and give even though we
don't even want to give just because we
have learned that from giving comes good
things. We always need to do and to give
in order to be loved. But that's
absolute BS. If you don't want to give,
don't do it. People will love and
respect you even more when you don't do
it. And when you stand your ground and
you say, "I love you. I really
appreciate you as a friend, but for
today I can't give anymore. For today, I
can't be there for you. For today, I
can't listen to your problems. you
respect your own boundaries and make
other people also understand listen like
today I'm done I don't want to give more
or when someone is asking you why did
you do this why did you change your hair
color why did you tip that person so
much money why did
you start a YouTube channel why did you
change your career whatever it is
someone asking you this question doesn't
mean that you have to justify and
explain exactly what your thought
process was why you did X Y and Z you
don't have to explain anything to anyone
so the next time someone is asking you
why you simply say I prefer it this way
that's it and the next time you are
already overexlaining yourself you can
ask yourself why I'm actually doing
that. Do I do that because I really want
to share what's going on or do I do that
in order to not be unpolite? Doing that
in order to be loved. The next thing is
suppressing your emotions and ignoring
your intuition. If you didn't know, to
be feminine means to really embrace your
emotions. Femininity and emotions are
connected. You have to understand that
to show your emotions, to be vulnerable,
that's the most feminine thing you can
do. And believe me, I was a person I
used to always suppress my emotions,
especially in front of of others. But
also when I was alone at home, I would
not let myself cry. I would not let
myself be sad or feel whatever I was
feeling because I always thought I need
to be strong. I need to be strong and
logical and this emotion doesn't have a
logical reason. So, I would just brush
it off. But with doing that, you're
disconnecting yourself from your
emotions, from your body, and from your
femininity. And when you keep bottling
up your emotions, your feelings, then of
course you can also not listen to your
intuition. Your intuition is numbed down
because there are so much emotions on
top of it that you never expressed
because through expressing your emotions
they are going through your body and
also leaving your body and when you do
not express them as I said your
intuition is not there or is there but
you cannot hear your intuition and when
we talk about intuition that's your
biggest and most important tool that you
have as a woman. Everyone has but as a
woman we have a better and deeper
connection to that intuition because of
our emotions. And when you understand
your intuition is something that always
tells you what to do, if something is
right or wrong, if something is meant
for you. Your intuition is your guide in
your life. And I was in a position where
two years ago I didn't even know what
was my intuition. I was reading a book
about how to listen to my intuition. And
I did rituals. I did all these things. I
did meditations and I still didn't know
what it was. I couldn't hear it. I just
didn't know what people were talking
about when they said just listen to your
intuition. Yeah. I didn't have that
intuition. I didn't hear it. I was so
disconnected from my body that even if
there were 20 red flags in a person, I
would not see it. My intuition would
just not be there to hear for me because
I have bottled up my emotions. I have
disconnected from my femininity so much
that for me it was even difficult to
understand how to listen to my
intuition. Now what I did was I started
to honor my emotions. Whenever I feel
something and I didn't really know what
it was, I was just sitting with it and I
was trying to give it names. What did I
feel? Was it sadness? No. Was it maybe
frustration? No. Was it feeling lost?
Maybe. And I was going through all the
emotions, all the feelings that I knew
and was even looking up what more of
emotions are there. What could I feel
that maybe I don't even know that I'm
feeling that? And even if you are not
aware of what emotion it exactly is,
minimum get in tune with it. Minimum get
a check with yourself and ask yourself
what do I feel? The next thing that
helped me a lot was to really take
things slow. As I already told you in
the first point, take things slow. If
you keep rushing from one appointment to
the next appointment, from one thing to
the next thing, you cannot listen to
your emotions. You cannot listen to your
intuition because you're always in your
head. And when you're in your head, you
are not in your body. And another thing
that really helped me a lot was to
simply take decisions quickly. If it's
going to a cafe, going to a restaurant,
just order. Order whatever comes first
to your eyesight or to your mind
whatever order quickly because when you
keep making decisions small decisions
very quickly first of all you start to
decide quickly and second of all you are
not giving your head enough space to
start talking. So your intuition
automatically will start to be more
loud. For example, I was in a cafe and I
wanted to practice to listen to my
intuition. So, I wanted to order the
first thing that came to me. The first
thing that came to me was simply a
crossro with something inside. But then
my mind started talking already and my
mind said, "No, this has too many
calories. You already ate today." So,
after my head told me not to order the
croissant, I ordered some eggs with
avocado toast in order to be more
healthy. And then I felt really bad
after eating the eggs and the the
avocado toast. The moral of the story,
the more quickly you decide for things,
the less your head can talk and the more
you will start to get in tune with your
intuition. And of course, don't forget
about your emotions. Always keep in
touch with your emotions and when you
feel sad, feel sad. Do not push it away.
Do not try to do something in order to
not feel sad. When it comes, feel it.
Let it go through your body. And then
also leave it there. Leave it outside of
your body. You don't have to re and re
and relive the same emotion just because
you have the memory. The next point, and
a really big one that keeps destroying
your feminine energy, is dressing
without intention and neglecting
self-care. Listen, the way you present
yourself reflects exactly how you feel
about yourself from the inside. So,
neglecting your appearance because you
want to be
lowmaintenance simply disconnects you
from your femininity and from your true
power. A few years ago, I was not taking
care of my skin, of my hair, of my
dress, of how I'm presenting myself
because everything for me was about
working, doing personal trainings, just
be busy. And when I was trying to dress
up or to prep myself, look differently,
then I did it for other people, not for
myself. But when I changed this, I
really felt the magic with dressing in a
way that makes you feel confident. Not
something that just
is practical or something that is quick
and cheap. Really, something that makes
me feel confident. So now I really love
to wear dresses. It's something easy,
elegant. It doesn't take too much brain
effort to think about what top does
match with the lower part and I don't
have to think about combining things.
That was a big obstacle for me always
that I didn't really know how to combine
things. And I also was looking up my
body type and was looking up what fits
my body type and not just wearing what
was now trendy because usually when you
do that when you simply wear things that
are trendy or anything that you are just
wearing to impress someone else mostly
it doesn't fit your body type or your
personality and you cannot feel good in
something that's not really meant for
you. So, what you can do is really learn
what flatters your body type. What do
you love about yourself? Is it your
shoulders? Is it your belly? Is it your
knees? Is it your elbows? Your arms? It
could be anything. And when you dress,
you can always emphasize those parts of
your body that you really love. If you
love your waist, wear belted outfits. If
you love your shoulders, then wear off
the shoulder tops like this. And again,
don't do it for someone else to impress
someone else. Do it because you feel
good in it. I was running around in
gymwear for 2 years constantly. And you
think it made me feel feminine? You
think it made me feel a way that I would
say, "Wow, I love myself. I love how I
look. I love how I present myself. No,
it didn't. I was simply feeling like a
worker. I was working, working, working.
And everything I wore needs to be
practical and quick. That's it. The next
thing is hygiene. Thanks God I never
really had to struggle with that topic.
I was growing up in a surrounding where
everything was always clean and I was
taught to be clean, to take care of my
body, to use body spray, to use
deodorant, to wash my hair regularly, to
shower regularly. I know this sounds so
simple for some of you, but I know also
there are girls out there, some of you
maybe for you it's something new. For
me, for example, I'm going to shower two
times a day most of the time, which is
too much, but once minimum. And when I
go out, I always wear a perfume. If you
have some specific perfume that is your
scent, that is your signature scent, use
it every time. And by the way, never
ever spray your perfume on your hair. I
did that for such a long time. I just
didn't know where to use perfumes and I
always got the rush when I sprayed it on
my neck. So, I kept spraying it on my
hair until I learned spraying perfume on
your hair is the worst thing you can do
for your hair. And also, it doesn't make
the smell last long. What you can do if
you're sensitive, especially like me,
you can spray it on your inside here or
behind your ears or right above your
ankles. The thing with perfume is
whenever I'm going out, even though I'm
not smelling it all the time, once I
feel some breeze of my own perfume
smell, I'm already feeling more
magnetic, more feminine, because I know
everyone around me is smelling that as
well. And it just makes me feel like I'm
taking care of myself. And of course, if
you are a girl who is sweating a lot, no
shame on that. We are all different body
types. Then just use deodorant and later
before you leave the house just spray
some perfume on your body. Next thing is
skin care. Also a big topic. I talk
about this in another video more
specifically and more in detail what I
do right now. But I used to not care
about skin care at all because I was
always taught from my mom, this is not
something important. All you have to do
is use SPF 50. But as I grew older, I
got to understand skin care is so
important, not only for your skin, but
for the way you're feeling taking care
of yourself. My skincare routine is
literally some ritual that I enjoy
doing. And apart from that, it makes me
look so much better and my skin looks so
much more fresh and well taken care of,
I just feel like a woman. I just feel
like, wow, I'm taking care of myself and
it makes me happy to be honest. And
another thing is hair. Hair is also a
point I used to neglect my whole life.
Now I would say I'm also not taking that
much attention into my hair on how I
style it. But what I do is that I take
care making sure my hair looks neat and
well taken care of. I have European
hair. So it's not something curly. It's
not something very thick or very thin.
Is medium in all ways. And if you have
watched my previous videos, you know
that I was blonde before, so I kept
bleaching my hair. But now I really just
want to grow out my natural hair color
and simply want to have neat well taken
care. The only focus I put on is blow
dry. If you know how to blow dry your
hair, you already won half the race. The
next habit that is destroying your
femininity is chasing instead of
attracting. Feminine energy is all about
being magnetic and drawing in everything
that is meant for you and not about
chasing things to have it in a specific
way and have it immediately. Whether
that's in a relationship or that's in
life in general, you really have to
learn to be patient and to embrace your
magnetism to let things flow to you
instead of chasing it. So what you can
do is really shift into a state of
complete trust. Trust that everything
works out for you. Trust that everything
works out in the right moment and trust
that everything is going to be for your
highest good. I always remind myself for
example every morning what's meant for
me will come effortlessly. And also when
you stop chasing, you actually see
opportunities that are coming towards
you instead of neglecting everything
around you because you're so focused on
that one goal, that one thing that
you're chasing. So trusting is really a
gamecher if you want to embrace your
feminine energy more. And the same it is
in relationships. I never ever text a
man first. I let the man step up in his
masculinity and make him chase me. If
someone really values me, they will make
effort. And if they don't, then they
were simply not meant for me. And I
don't need to beg for that attention. I
don't need to repeatedly text to get
confirmation that this person wants me.
If a man is not giving you that effort
that you want, that you expect, you will
never make this man give you that effort
with begging for it. You really need to
know whoever doesn't give you what you
need is not meant for you. Once you
really learn to lean into your hobbies,
into your self-care routine, into your
femininity, you will anyways make your
energy so radiant that everything will
come towards you. The next habit is
trying to control everything and
rejecting help. Control is such a
masculine trait and yes, while it has
its place and time to be really useful
for you, if you keep controlling every
single step in your life, from your
partner, from you, then you are
disconnecting yourself from your
feminine energy. Feminine energy is so
much about as I said trust and allowing
and receiving. A big big big point about
femininity about feminine energy is
receiving. And allowing support is the
exact opposite than proving that you can
do everything by yourself. You really
have to learn to trust the process. And
when a plan changes last minute, take a
deep breath and embrace it as something
good. When you let things unfold
naturally instead of micromanaging
everything, also life will feel more
easy and more pleasurable. For example,
yesterday one of my friends was about to
come over, but she was super late. And I
already had planned to do a YouTube
video and to meet another friend later
that day. And I could now either be
super stressed and tell her that now
we're not going to meet because I have
other things to do or I just let things
happen naturally what I did. And then it
turned out at the end of the day when I
was about to meet my other friend that
she was busy anyways and then I had so
much time to do other things. So I just
let things happen naturally. I can give
you millions of examples where things
turned out differently in my life and it
was always for my best. But if you keep
stressing and resisting to let life flow
naturally, you are just attracting
negative things and that's not what you
want anyways. And the other thing is
accepting help. If you are constantly
hyperindependent and always saying no to
help, always saying no to everything
because you can do it alone. Yes, baby
girl, you can do it alone. We all are
able to do things alone and that's
amazing. Nobody is taking that away from
you. But you don't need to prove anyone
that you can do everything by yourself.
When you say no to everything, you know
what happens? Life the universe sees
this girl doesn't want to receive. So
every time you are going somewhere for
example into a shop and they are
offering you water, they're offering you
a drink and you say no, you're saying
also no to the universe. You're saying I
don't want to receive. I have already
everything. I can already do everything
myself. I don't want. And with doing
that, of course, you're blocking your
blessings. First of all, you are
blocking good things that can come to
you. And I'm not talking about water or
a drink in a shop. This plays on a way
higher level than you are even aware of.
So what I learned is that I always say
yes, please. I always say yes to any
help that is offered for me. I always
let a man open the door for me. When I
go to the salon, for example, if they
ask me if I want something to drink, I
always say yes, please. Even if I'm not
thirsty, I always say yes, please. Or
for help, if someone asks me if they can
carry my bags, I do not say no. Of
course, if that's in a country where you
need to be careful that this person is
robbing you, say no. Like, use that with
logic, of course. But if it's somewhere
like in Dubai, if it's somewhere where
you know it's safe and the person is
offering you help, why saying no? The
next habit is using harsh body language
and always being in your head. Your
energy talks already before you open
your mouth. So you need to understand
that the way you bring yourself up, the
way you move, the way you have your
gestures, the way you enter a room talks
louder than what your mouth ever could
say. If you are always having a harsh
and tense body language, if I would sit
now like this, you would not be happy to
listen to me and I would not embrace
feminine energy. If I would sit like
this, you would also not be really
convinced me talking about feminine
energy and helping you. If I'm laughing,
I can laugh like this or I laugh
like I think this shows already
everything. The way you bring yourself
up, the way you carry your body talks
not only to others, it talks also to
yourself. When I'm bringing myself up
the way I am now, when I'm moving with
grace, when I'm moving with confidence,
when I'm moving slowly, this also makes
me feel more feminine. When I'm moving
in a rush way, when I'm moving in a
clumsy way, when I'm moving in a strict
and hard way, this doesn't make me feel
confident, and this doesn't make me feel
feminine at all. And of course, when you
are in your head all the time, then
automatically you're disconnected from
your body and your body is tensing up
because your body doesn't know what to
do while you are in your head. So, what
you need to do is to move gracefully to
fix your posture and really try to stay
present in this moment right now instead
of wandering with your thoughts to
another dimension. What I do is that I
really keep movements soft. I keep
movements elegant. When sitting, I
mostly cross my legs and do not take up
too much space. I do not sit with open
legs, of course. And when walking, I
keep my steps very elegant, not too big,
and very intentional. I'm not slouching
around. And of course, sometimes it
happens. We get lost in our heads. But
every time we notice we're lost in our
heads, we can immediately collect
ourselves back and really be present in
our bodies and do things with intention.
I can now talk and just do anything and
be all over the place and you will know,
you will feel and my body will also feel
that I'm all over the place. But I can
also move and talk with intention and
you will feel and my body will feel this
is feminine. Also when I walk into a
room I try to not use my phone. I first
really go there with of course an open
posture. I look around. I have a smile
in my face and I really try to be
present in the room. The next habit that
is destroying your femininity is losing
playfulness and flirtatious energy.
Femininity is all about being light,
being soft, being playful, and being
full of curiosity almost like a child a
little bit. When your life becomes all
about structure, logic, and tasks, then
you lose the connection to this
playfulness. And being flirtatious
doesn't mean only in romantic
relationships to flirt with someone. You
can be flirtatious with life. You cannot
take everything so seriously. You can be
happy. You can smile. Be curious and
embrace spontaneity. This will bring a
sense of fun in your daily interactions,
in your daily life. And this is also a
big part of why men are so drawn and are
so fascinated from women. We literally
remind men that life is not always
structure, logic and heart. We remind
men to take things with a lighthearted
way sometimes and not always to over
complicate things. So what you can do is
to smile more at strangers, to be more
curious about people you meet, to be
more curious about your daily, what you
see, what you experience. You can be
more sp spontaneous. You can say yes to
fun activities last minute. And you also
can just be a bit more playful in
conversations. Do not take everything so
seriously. So next time when someone is
asking you why are you so quiet today,
do not say I'm just tired. Say maybe I'm
just making you work for my attention.
That's something already that brings fun
in the conversation even though you
maybe are just tired. The next habit is
being too independent to the point of
isolation. There is nothing wrong with
being independent. I'm all for it and
you know that from my previous videos.
But if it's too much, you are
disconnecting from your femininity. The
next and last habits that is destroying
your feminine energy is rejecting
softness and grace. I know in today's
world we are all being told that
softness is kind of a weakness and that
you need to be tough all the time. But
what does it even mean to be soft?
Softness doesn't mean to be passive, to
let everything happen and not open your
mouth at all. No, softness means being
receptive,
intuitive and emotionally intelligent.
So you can for example either
rationalize everything that happens
around you and rationalize everything
people tell you or you are open to
receive it with warmth and understanding
of what's happening. How are the other
people feeling around you and just being
warm and soft. So for example, if
someone is rude to you, you can either
match their energy, be then in your
masculine energy and go into fight mode
or you can respond with elegance and be
curious about why this person is rude to
you right now. You can ask what do you
mean with that? You will see there will
be a shift in that person. For example,
I had just recently a woman coming to my
home cleaning and she was very rude. She
was very distant and she was also not
being very careful with my things. So I
could now either tell her off, tell her
what's going on, tell her to go home,
fire her or so on. or what I did. I was
just curious what's her name, how she is
today, how she's feeling, if she had
much work to do. And with time the
conversation went on, suddenly she
completely changed because I didn't step
to her level. I didn't step down and
made her rudeness be part of me. I tried
to understand what this woman is
actually going through and she shifted.
And by the end of her shift, she was so
happy. She was happy. She played with my
cats. She cleaned really well in record
time.
And I also tipped her. So, what I'm
saying here is that you always can
choose if you're being soft or stepping
down to someone else's level when
someone is being rude or aggressive to
you. I really try to always embrace my
warmth. I give freely compliments when
I'm on the road and I see someone doing
something nice or having nice shoes or
looking great, looking confident, I
always compliment on that. I always say,
"Hey, you look great today." Or, "Yeah,
I love your coat. I love your hair."
Whatever it is, I always try to
compliment people. I always try to be
friendly, say, "Hello, how are you
today?" to my
conc with that I make people feel
comfortable around me and I lead with
kindness and I'm pretty sure with that I
change part of their day and now they
can go and change part of someone else's
day. Also when you're setting boundaries
or whenever you are trying to enforce
something try to speak still gentle
speak with a warmth in your voice. I can
now speak very harsh and we have to do
it this and that way and you have to
clean this and that way or I can say hey
I have seen you have not done the beds
the right way. Can we do that again? And
this is such a big difference. This will
really make you stand out, make you more
feminine and make you connect with
yourself. Because when you are to other
people that way, when you are giving
warmth and love, that's also what you
will receive not from others, from
yourself. At the end of the day, I hope
you understand that femininity is not
about weakness. It's about embracing all
our facets and knowing when to lead and
when to flow and when to surrender. It's
all about trusting yourself and
embracing your emotions. And I want you
to know as well that embracing your
femininity is not only to appear more
feminine, to be more feminine. The
reason why you want to do that is
because your whole life is going to
shift. Your whole life is going to play
into your favor. I have never ever seen
a woman that is fully in her
femininity experiencing really hard
times in her life because at any point
in her life, even if it's a tough
moment, even if things happen
unexpectedly, she knows to surrender.
She knows that at the end of the day,
everything happens for her highest good.
Anyways guys, I know this was a very
long video. I hope you could take
something from this with you. I hope I
could help you understand how to be more
feminine and that femininity is not
something weak. It's something actually
very very powerful and very unique thing
that is changing your whole life. Thank
you so much for watching. I love you so
so much. And I see you in my next video.
Bye-bye.